sponsor.md, before:

---
title: Sponsorship
---

# Sponsoring NeoMutt

If you have programming skills and some free time, we'd love to hear from you.

If not, please consider becoming a sponsor.

<a href="https://github.com/sponsors/flatcap"><img alt="GitHub" width="32" src="/images/github-large.png"></a>
<a href="https://patreon.com/neomutt"><img alt="Patreon" width="32" src="/images/patreon.png"></a>
<a href="https://liberapay.com/flatcap"><img alt="LiberaPay" width="32" src="/images/liberapay.png"></a>
<a href="https://www.paypal.me/russon/"><img alt="PayPal" width="32" src="/images/paypal.png"></a>
<a href="#bitcoin"><img alt="BitCoin" width="32" src="/images/btc-logo.svg"></a>

Thanks :heart:

---

<a href="https://github.com/sponsors/flatcap"><img alt="GitHub" width="48" src="/images/github-large.png"> <span class="big">GitHub</span></a>

Using **[GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/flatcap)**, you can set up **monthly sponsorship**, or make a **one-time donation**.

You may also be interested in:

- [Giving NeoMutt a Star](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/stargazers)
- [Following the NeoMutt Project](https://github.com/neomutt)
- [Following flatcap](https://github.com/flatcap) (NeoMutt's creator)

---

<a href="https://patreon.com/neomutt"><img alt="Patreon" width="48" src="/images/patreon.png"> <span class="big">Patreon</span></a>

Using **[Patreon](https://patreon.com/neomutt)**, you can set up **monthly sponsorship**, or make a **one-time donation**.

---

<a href="https://liberapay.com/flatcap"><img alt="LiberaPay" width="48" src="/images/liberapay.png"> <span class="big">LiberaPay</span></a>

Using **[LiberaPay](https://liberapay.com/flatcap)**, you can set up **monthly sponsorship**, or make a **one-time donation**.

---

<a href="https://www.paypal.me/russon/"><img alt="PayPal" width="48" src="/images/paypal.png"> <span class="big">PayPal</span></a>

If you have a **[PayPal](https://www.paypal.me/russon/) account**, you can make a donation by **transferring money**, or using a **credit card**.

## <img style="margin-right: 0.5em;" alt="BitCoin" width="48" src="/images/btc-logo.svg">BitCoin

If **crypto**'s your thing, then you can make a **donation** to this wallet:

- **BitCoin**: `39Cbb8RScLnXZaSS3eqBYpBrwnTm8iNKG1`

<img alt="Wallet" src="/images/btc-wallet.png">

Commit message:

sponsor: add note about github matching

sponsor.md, after:

---
title: Sponsorship
---

# Sponsoring NeoMutt

If you have programming skills and some free time, we'd love to hear from you.

If not, please consider becoming a sponsor.

<a href="https://github.com/sponsors/flatcap"><img alt="GitHub" width="32" src="/images/github-large.png"></a>
<a href="https://patreon.com/neomutt"><img alt="Patreon" width="32" src="/images/patreon.png"></a>
<a href="https://liberapay.com/flatcap"><img alt="LiberaPay" width="32" src="/images/liberapay.png"></a>
<a href="https://www.paypal.me/russon/"><img alt="PayPal" width="32" src="/images/paypal.png"></a>
<a href="#bitcoin"><img alt="BitCoin" width="32" src="/images/btc-logo.svg"></a>

Thanks :heart:

You may also be interested in:

- [Giving NeoMutt a Star](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/stargazers)
- [Following the NeoMutt Project](https://github.com/neomutt)
- [Following flatcap](https://github.com/flatcap) (NeoMutt's creator)

---

<a href="https://github.com/sponsors/flatcap"><img alt="GitHub" width="48" src="/images/github-large.png"> <span class="big">GitHub</span></a>

Using **[GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/flatcap)**, you can set up **monthly sponsorship**, or make a **one-time donation**.

:star2: **Note**: GitHub will match any donations you make

---

<a href="https://patreon.com/neomutt"><img alt="Patreon" width="48" src="/images/patreon.png"> <span class="big">Patreon</span></a>

Using **[Patreon](https://patreon.com/neomutt)**, you can set up **monthly sponsorship**, or make a **one-time donation**.

---

<a href="https://liberapay.com/flatcap"><img alt="LiberaPay" width="48" src="/images/liberapay.png"> <span class="big">LiberaPay</span></a>

Using **[LiberaPay](https://liberapay.com/flatcap)**, you can set up **monthly sponsorship**, or make a **one-time donation**.

---

<a href="https://www.paypal.me/russon/"><img alt="PayPal" width="48" src="/images/paypal.png"> <span class="big">PayPal</span></a>

If you have a **[PayPal](https://www.paypal.me/russon/) account**, you can make a donation by **transferring money**, or using a **credit card**.

## <img style="margin-right: 0.5em;" alt="BitCoin" width="48" src="/images/btc-logo.svg">BitCoin

If **crypto**'s your thing, then you can make a **donation** to this wallet:

- **BitCoin**: `39Cbb8RScLnXZaSS3eqBYpBrwnTm8iNKG1`

<img alt="Wallet" src="/images/btc-wallet.png">
