---
author: flatcap
title: Release 2017-02-25
---

## Notes

- Upstream Release 1.8.0

## Thanks

Many thanks to our **new contributors**:

- Edward Betts (@edwardbetts)
- Mehdi Abaakouk (@sileht)
- William Pettersson (@wpettersson)

and our **regular contributors**:

- Tobias Angele (@toogley)
- Guillaume Brogi (@guiniol)
- Pietro Cerutti (@gahr)
- Wieland Hoffmann (@mineo)
- Bernard Pratz (@guyzmo)
- Ismaël Bouya (@immae)
- Damien Riegel (@d-k-c)

## Features

- Add option $show_multipart_alternative (@immae)
- notmuch: Allow to use untransformed tag for color
  (@sileht)
- Use getaddrinfo_a if possible (#420) (@sileht)

## Bug Fixes

- handle sigint within socket operations (#411)
  (@edwardbetts)
- Avoid browsing the remote spoolfile by setting MUTT_SELECT_MULTI attach
  (@gahr)
- notmuch: fix crash when completing tags (#395)
  (@wpettersson)
- Fixes missing failure return of notmuch msg open (#401)
  (@guyzmo)
- Fix latest Coverity issues (#387) (@gahr)
- Advance by the correct number of position even for unknown characters (#368)
  (@gahr)
- Release KyotoCabinet data with kcfree() (#384)
  (@gahr)
- 22 resource leaks

## Translations

- Update translations (@guiniol)
- Update the german translation (#397) (@mineo)

## Docs

- fix typo in notmuch example
- remove duplicate "default" in the sidebar intro
  (@edwardbetts)
- fix confusing description of notmuch operators (#371)
  (@toogley)
- correct spelling mistakes (#412)
  (@edwardbetts)

## Website

- link to clang-format config in main repo (#28)
  (@toogley)
- updated list of useful programs (@toogley)
- update/improve list of useful programs
  (@toogley)
- sidebar_format has a single default value
  (@toogley)
- fix name of GNU Guix (@toogley)
- added guix distro (@toogley)
- added link to new afew maintainers (@toogley)
- add code of conduct
- add mutt-addressbook to useful
- remove unnecessary unicode non-breaking spaces
- github merging

## Build

- Enable and run unit-tests on the feature/unit-test branch
- add notmuch to default, feature
- new dbs for mutt
- master is now the main branch
- streamline builds
- fix doc generator
- add a few includes (prelude to clang-format)
- slcurses.h defines its own bool type
- travis: use container build
- add clang-format file (@toogley)
- Remove ugly macros and casts from crypt-gpgme.c
  (@gahr)
- fix minor reflow issues in some comments
  (@toogley)
- editorconfig: use spaces to indent in \*.[ch] files
  (@toogley)
- added comment-blocks for clang-format to ignore
  (@toogley)
- fix 80 column limit, align statements
  (@toogley)
- Remove snprintf.c from EXTRA_DIST (#406) (@gahr)
- Kill homebrew (v)snprintf implementations, as they are C99 (#402)
  (@gahr)
- Display charset + small refactoring (@gahr)
- Do not cast or check returns from safe_calloc (#396)
  (@gahr)
- refactor: create a generic base64 encode/decode
  (@d-k-c)
- debug: remove dprint in favor of mutt_debug (#375)
  (@d-k-c)
- Fix dubious use macro for \_() / gettext() (#376)
- Use mutt_buffer_init instead of memset
  (@guiniol)
- Make the heap method and datatype a plain list
  (@guyzmo)
- Reverts making AliasFile into a list_t (#379)
  (@guyzmo)
- Turn mutt_new\_\* macros into inline functions
  (@gahr)
- Do not cast return values from malloc (et similia)
  (@gahr)

## Upstream

- Simplify mutt_label_complete().
- Permit tab completion of pattern expressions with ~y (labels).
- Fix the mutt_label_complete() pos parameter.
- Fix the x-label update code check location.
- Improve the label completion hash table usage.
- Adds label completion.
- Add hash_find_elem to get the hash element.
- Minor fixes to the x-label patch from David.
- Adds capability to edit x-labels inside mutt, and to sort by label.
- Allow "unsubjectrc \*" to remove all patterns.
- Add subjectrx command to replace matching subjects with something else.
- Abstract the SPAM_LIST as a generic REPLACE_LIST
- Improve Reply-to vs From comparison when replying. (closes #3909)
- Fix sidebar references to the "new count" to be "unread". (closes #3908)
- Fix several alias hashtable issues.
- Add casecmp and strdup_key flags to hash_create()
- Improve error handling in mbox magic detection.
- Allow initial blank lines in local mailboxes.
- Fix minor documentation issues.
- Convert cmd_parse_search to use the uid hash. (closes #3905)
- Create a uid hash for imap. (see #3905)
- Convert HASH to be indexable by unsigned int. (see #3905)
- Fix imap server-side search to call uid2msgno() only once. (see #3905)
- Add a pattern_cache_t to speed up a few repeated matches.
- Canonicalize line endings for GPGME S/MIME encryption. (closes #3904)
- Fix build for bdb.
- Create function to free header cache data.
- Add Kyoto Cabinet support to the header cache.
- Prevent null pointer exception for h-\>ai_canonname
- Show SHA1 fp in interactive cert check menu.
- Fix potential cert memory leak in check_certificate_by_digest().
- Plug memory leak in weed-expired-certs code.
- Filter expired local certs for OpenSSL verification.
- Change "allow_dups" into a flag at hash creation.

