_dev/issue-labels.md, before:

---
layout: concertina
title: Issue Labels
description: Labelling of GitHub Issues
---

# {{ page.title }}

## {{ page.description }}

When someone [raises an issue](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/issues) it will be given one of these tags:

### Types

- [![type:bug](/images/labels/type-bug.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/type%3Abug)                                        Something broken            
- [![type:enhancement](/images/labels/type-enhancement.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/type%3Aenhancement)                An improvement of an existing feature
- [![type:question](/images/labels/type-question.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/type%3Aquestion)                         A question about NeoMutt    

### Miscellaneous

It may be given one of these tags:

- [![bug:confirmed](/images/labels/bug-confirmed.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/bug%3Aconfirmed)                                            Problem confirmed by a NeoMutt member
- [![bug:crash](/images/labels/bug-crash.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/bug%3Acrash)                                                        Bug causes NeoMutt to crash
- [![bug:upstream](/images/labels/bug-upstream.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/bug%3Aupstream)                                               Should be handled by Mutt
- [![bug:regression](/images/labels/bug-regression.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/bug%3Aregression)                                         This problem has been fixed before

- [![docs:code](/images/labels/docs-code.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/docs%3Acode)                                                        Related to the Documentation embedded in the code
- [![docs:manual](/images/labels/docs-manual.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/docs%3Amanual)                                                  Related to the main manual
- [![docs:website](/images/labels/docs-website.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/docs%3Awebsite)                                               Related to the Website

- [![difficulty-easy](/images/labels/difficulty-easy.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/difficulty%3Aeasy)                                                                         Suitable for a new NeoMutt developer
- [![difficulty-hard](/images/labels/difficulty-hard.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=label%3Adifficulty%3Ahard)                                                                         very hard to solve
- [![hacktoberfest](/images/labels/hacktoberfest.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/hacktoberfest)                                              Suitable for Hackoberfest

- [![needs:decision](/images/labels/needs-decision.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/needs%3Adecision)                                         Someone need to make a decision
- [![needs:info from user](/images/labels/needs-info-from-user.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/needs%3Ainfo%20from%20user)                   We need more information to be able to help
- [![needs:upstream-opinion](/images/labels/needs-upstream-opinion.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/needs%3Aupstream-opinion)                 Needs discussion with Mutt

- [![priority:high](/images/labels/priority-high.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/priority%3Ahigh)                                            A very important problem
- [![priority:low](/images/labels/priority-low.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/priority%3Alow)                                               This is currently not very important

### Specific to a Distro

- [![distro:arch](/images/labels/distro-arch.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/distro%3Aarch)        This relates to Arch   
- [![distro:debian](/images/labels/distro-debian.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/distro%3Adebian)  This relates to Debian 
- [![distro:fedora](/images/labels/distro-fedora.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/distro%3Afedora)  This relates to Fedora 

### Issue has Attachments

- [![has:backtrace](/images/labels/has-backtrace.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/has%3Abacktrace)     A backtrace/callstack is included 
- [![has:config](/images/labels/has-config.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/has%3Aconfig)              Sample NeoMutt config is included 
- [![has:logs](/images/labels/has-logs.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/has%3Alogs)                    Log files are included            
- [![has:patch](/images/labels/has-patch.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/has%3Apatch)                 A patch is included               
- [![has:screenshot](/images/labels/has-screenshot.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/has%3Ascreenshot)  A screenshot is included          

### Topics

- [![topic:automatization](/images/labels/topic-automatization.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/topic%3Aautomatization)              Concerning: automating project processes
- [![topic:build process](/images/labels/topic-build-process.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/topic%3Abuild%20process)               Concerning: building the source code
- [![topic:code docs](/images/labels/topic-code-docs.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/topic%3Acode%20docs)                           Concerning: documentation embedded in the code
- [![topic:coding-style](/images/labels/topic-coding-style.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/topic%3Acoding-style)                    Concerning: style of the source code
- [![topic:config file](/images/labels/topic-config-file.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/topic%3Aconfig%20file)                     Concerning: configuration file
- [![topic:imap](/images/labels/topic-imap.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/topic%3Aimap)                                            Concerning: IMAP
- [![topic:lua-scripting](/images/labels/topic-lua-scripting.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/topic%3Alua-scripting)                 Concerning: lua scripting
- [![topic:project-management](/images/labels/topic-project-management.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/topic%3Aproject-management)  Concerning: management of the NeoMutt project
- [![topic:refactoring](/images/labels/topic-refactoring.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/topic%3Arefactoring)                       Concerning: refactoring the code
- [![topic:security](/images/labels/topic-security.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/topic%3Asecurity)                                Concerning: security / safety
- [![topic:stability](/images/labels/topic-stability.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/topic%3Astability)                             Concerning: stabilty
- [![topic:testing](/images/labels/topic-testing.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/topic%3Atesting)                                   Concerning: testing of neomutt
- [![topic:translation](/images/labels/topic-translation.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/topic%3Atranslation)                       Concerning: translation into other languages

### Status

- [![status:backlog](/images/labels/status-backlog.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/status%3Abacklog)              Expected in the next release
- [![status:discuss](/images/labels/status-discuss.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/status%3Adiscuss)              We want your opinion on something
- [![status:in-progress](/images/labels/status-in-progress.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/status%3Ain-progress)  Work is ongoing
- [![status:new-bug](/images/labels/status-new-bug.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/status%3Anew-bug)              New, possibly unconfirmed, bug
- [![status:ready](/images/labels/status-ready.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/status%3Aready)                    Ready to be merged
- [![status:blocked](/images/labels/status-blocked.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/status%3Ablocked)              blocked by other issues

### Closing the Issue

It will probably be closed with one of these tags:

- [![closed:duplicate](/images/labels/closed-duplicate.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/closed%3Aduplicate)      Issue already reported                          
- [![closed:fixed](/images/labels/closed-fixed.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/closed%3Afixed)                  The issue was fixed successfully                
- [![closed:invalid](/images/labels/closed-invalid.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/closed%3Ainvalid)            The issue isn't relevant to NeoMutt             
- [![closed:not a bug](/images/labels/closed-not-a-bug.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/closed%3Anot%20a%20bug)  This is the correct behaviour                   
- [![closed:wontfix](/images/labels/closed-wontfix.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/closed%3Awontfix)            For some reason we are not prepared to fix this

Commit message:

add mailinglist link for bug:regression and bug:confirmed

_dev/issue-labels.md, after:

---
layout: concertina
title: Issue Labels
description: Labelling of GitHub Issues
---

# {{ page.title }}

## {{ page.description }}

When someone [raises an issue](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/issues) it will be given one of these tags:

### Types

- [![type:bug](/images/labels/type-bug.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/type%3Abug)                                        Something broken            
- [![type:enhancement](/images/labels/type-enhancement.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/type%3Aenhancement)                An improvement of an existing feature
- [![type:question](/images/labels/type-question.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/type%3Aquestion)                         A question about NeoMutt    

### Miscellaneous

It may be given one of these tags:

- [![bug:confirmed](/images/labels/bug-confirmed.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/bug%3Aconfirmed)                                            Problem confirmed by a NeoMutt member (See this [mailinglist-post] for what that means)
- [![bug:crash](/images/labels/bug-crash.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/bug%3Acrash)                                                        Bug causes NeoMutt to crash
- [![bug:upstream](/images/labels/bug-upstream.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/bug%3Aupstream)                                               Should be handled by Mutt
- [![bug:regression](/images/labels/bug-regression.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/bug%3Aregression)                                         This problem has been fixed before (See this [mailinglist-post] for what that means)

- [![docs:code](/images/labels/docs-code.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/docs%3Acode)                                                        Related to the Documentation embedded in the code
- [![docs:manual](/images/labels/docs-manual.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/docs%3Amanual)                                                  Related to the main manual
- [![docs:website](/images/labels/docs-website.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/docs%3Awebsite)                                               Related to the Website

- [![difficulty-easy](/images/labels/difficulty-easy.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/difficulty%3Aeasy)                                                                         Suitable for a new NeoMutt developer
- [![difficulty-hard](/images/labels/difficulty-hard.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=label%3Adifficulty%3Ahard)                                                                         very hard to solve
- [![hacktoberfest](/images/labels/hacktoberfest.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/hacktoberfest)                                              Suitable for Hackoberfest

- [![needs:decision](/images/labels/needs-decision.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/needs%3Adecision)                                         Someone need to make a decision
- [![needs:info from user](/images/labels/needs-info-from-user.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/needs%3Ainfo%20from%20user)                   We need more information to be able to help
- [![needs:upstream-opinion](/images/labels/needs-upstream-opinion.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/needs%3Aupstream-opinion)                 Needs discussion with Mutt

- [![priority:high](/images/labels/priority-high.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/priority%3Ahigh)                                            A very important problem
- [![priority:low](/images/labels/priority-low.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/priority%3Alow)                                               This is currently not very important

### Specific to a Distro

- [![distro:arch](/images/labels/distro-arch.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/distro%3Aarch)        This relates to Arch   
- [![distro:debian](/images/labels/distro-debian.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/distro%3Adebian)  This relates to Debian 
- [![distro:fedora](/images/labels/distro-fedora.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/distro%3Afedora)  This relates to Fedora 

### Issue has Attachments

- [![has:backtrace](/images/labels/has-backtrace.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/has%3Abacktrace)     A backtrace/callstack is included 
- [![has:config](/images/labels/has-config.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/has%3Aconfig)              Sample NeoMutt config is included 
- [![has:logs](/images/labels/has-logs.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/has%3Alogs)                    Log files are included            
- [![has:patch](/images/labels/has-patch.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/has%3Apatch)                 A patch is included               
- [![has:screenshot](/images/labels/has-screenshot.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/has%3Ascreenshot)  A screenshot is included          

### Topics

- [![topic:automatization](/images/labels/topic-automatization.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/topic%3Aautomatization)              Concerning: automating project processes
- [![topic:build process](/images/labels/topic-build-process.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/topic%3Abuild%20process)               Concerning: building the source code
- [![topic:code docs](/images/labels/topic-code-docs.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/topic%3Acode%20docs)                           Concerning: documentation embedded in the code
- [![topic:coding-style](/images/labels/topic-coding-style.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/topic%3Acoding-style)                    Concerning: style of the source code
- [![topic:config file](/images/labels/topic-config-file.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/topic%3Aconfig%20file)                     Concerning: configuration file
- [![topic:imap](/images/labels/topic-imap.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/topic%3Aimap)                                            Concerning: IMAP
- [![topic:lua-scripting](/images/labels/topic-lua-scripting.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/topic%3Alua-scripting)                 Concerning: lua scripting
- [![topic:project-management](/images/labels/topic-project-management.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/topic%3Aproject-management)  Concerning: management of the NeoMutt project
- [![topic:refactoring](/images/labels/topic-refactoring.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/topic%3Arefactoring)                       Concerning: refactoring the code
- [![topic:security](/images/labels/topic-security.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/topic%3Asecurity)                                Concerning: security / safety
- [![topic:stability](/images/labels/topic-stability.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/topic%3Astability)                             Concerning: stabilty
- [![topic:testing](/images/labels/topic-testing.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/topic%3Atesting)                                   Concerning: testing of neomutt
- [![topic:translation](/images/labels/topic-translation.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/topic%3Atranslation)                       Concerning: translation into other languages

### Status

- [![status:backlog](/images/labels/status-backlog.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/status%3Abacklog)              Expected in the next release
- [![status:discuss](/images/labels/status-discuss.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/status%3Adiscuss)              We want your opinion on something
- [![status:in-progress](/images/labels/status-in-progress.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/status%3Ain-progress)  Work is ongoing
- [![status:new-bug](/images/labels/status-new-bug.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/status%3Anew-bug)              New, possibly unconfirmed, bug
- [![status:ready](/images/labels/status-ready.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/status%3Aready)                    Ready to be merged
- [![status:blocked](/images/labels/status-blocked.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/status%3Ablocked)              blocked by other issues

### Closing the Issue

It will probably be closed with one of these tags:

- [![closed:duplicate](/images/labels/closed-duplicate.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/closed%3Aduplicate)      Issue already reported                          
- [![closed:fixed](/images/labels/closed-fixed.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/closed%3Afixed)                  The issue was fixed successfully                
- [![closed:invalid](/images/labels/closed-invalid.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/closed%3Ainvalid)            The issue isn't relevant to NeoMutt             
- [![closed:not a bug](/images/labels/closed-not-a-bug.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/closed%3Anot%20a%20bug)  This is the correct behaviour                   
- [![closed:wontfix](/images/labels/closed-wontfix.svg)](https://github.com/neomutt/neomutt/labels/closed%3Awontfix)            For some reason we are not prepared to fix this 


[mailinglist-post]: http://mailman.neomutt.org/pipermail/neomutt-devel-neomutt.org/2017-April/000371.html
